# Supervisor Weekly - 2021-03-24 @ 14:00-14:30

*Attendees: Jonas, Deepti*
*Location: MS Teams*

## Log

**[2:00 PM] Jonas**
- No progress on Verifiable Credentials this week.

​**[2:03 PM] Jonas**
- The transition from v1 to v2 has been confusing me.

​**[2:10 PM] Jonas**
- "Reaching out to community"-example: https://github.com/decentralized-identity/didcomm-messaging/issues/138

​**[2:15 PM] Jonas**
- Should discuss it with product owners about few options regarding VC libraries in Rust

**[2:19 PM] Jonas**

New section suggestions in the report:
- Transition between Didcomm v1 and DIDcomm v2
- Lack of VC libraries in Rust

​**[2:21 PM] Jonas**
- Why choose Rust?
- Should have chosen something different?
​
**[2:25 PM] Jonas**
    
Pros and cons of:
- Doing "side by side"-development with DIDComm v2
- Doing v1 project which is already finished development

​**[2:26 PM] Jonas**
- Scope of thins revolving the DIDComm-space: https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-rfcs/blob/master/index.md

​**[2:30 PM] Jonas**
- Remember to let Deepti know decisions/progress before the week has ended.
